So let's make sure we can see all the data we're working with in the place.
Item i already got a feel for the address.
I just need to make sure I fit that into there from the place list screen when I use the place.
Item instead of passing null for the address of course we should pass item data dot item dot address
in there because we should have to address stored.
So if we try that and this reloads we see dummy address here and now if we add a new item with should
work as a title and then the image to take a nice image and we can even move around here a little bit
by pressing the key U.S. down there.
So now if I take the image here.
Yeah looks good.
This one and confirmed by clicking on crop up there.
That looks good.
Now get the user location maybe and then save this does looks good.
This is the address of the Google headquarters.
Does looks like the image I took.
So that's nice.
Let's make sure that on the detail page we also see a bit more about this for that on the place detail
screen here we of course can tweak this and add a scroll use so that we ensure that we can always see
everything don't need a flat list here because we not have an infinite amount of items maybe just a
little bit of scrolling that is required based on the device size.
And then in there I definitely want to be able to output that image.
So here all output my image and below that.
I also want to be able to output my address and then also actually a map preview.
So I'll import this as well and we'll need to tweak that component a little bit.
Therefore but for now I'll just import map preview from components map preview like this and output
is below my text here.
Now in the text I want to have my address text in the end that's of course all data which I expect to
get passed as parents or with the help of parents.
So to be precise we already when we select the item we already pass into place idea here.
So in the place detailed screen I can get the place I.D. by accessing props navigation get param place
IDC identifier I used and then we can of course use use selector to get D fitting data from our redux
store.
So from react redux that's where we import this from.
And then here we can get our selected place with the help of use selector pass and a function and access
state places not places and then defined method to find a specific place where the place I.D. should
be equal to the place I.D. We're extracting from our parents that's the place we loaded for this screen
and this selected place of course therefore has an address field which we can access because that follows
our place model in the end and for the image we can of course then also bind to source and set to you
are I on this object we passed the source to select that place dot image you are I because in my place
model there I named his image.
You are eyes.
That's what I'm extracting here.
And for the map preview I want to pass in my location.
Good thing is my map preview of course takes a location.
It looks for a dislocation prop so I can pass this in and this should be an object actually with let
key so we can use select the place to left for this and the LNG key which is select that place not LNG.
So now we pass all of that in there.
Now I'll also wrap the texture into a view and then assign some stylings here.
So on the image here I want to have a style of style is not image on this view here which wraps my entire
location based stuff.
I want to have a style of let's say location container on this view here.
A style of
address container on the text your style of address and on the map reveal all the set of style and name
this map.
Preview like this.
Now if you use the exact same names attached you find some styling which I set up for you.
You can just replace your styles object with that.
And this sets up styles for all these identifiers that just added to make that all look the way I wanted
to look.
So that's attached and you can use that to make sure you get the same styling out of the box without
me writing all these styles because we've written so many styles wrote this cause here I really want
to focus on the native functionality and not write those all again.
And one important thing on the scroll view you all should set the content container style and they are
all use a quick and dirty inline styling to set a line items here two centers so that everything is
nicely centered on the horizontal axis with that we should be able to view the details about a place.
One important note I use to color is constant in the styles I provided to you.
So you need to make sure to import dad import colors from constants colors and with that import added
here as well if you save that and this reloads you should be able to see these places on Android and
of course you could show a fallback text if you have no places.
But now here you see the places.
And if I click on it this is the detailed screen.
Now the one problem I have with that is it looks nice.
That's good.
But if I click on the map nothing happens and of course there I want to go to the map screen as well
but in a non editable way so that I go to the map screen without being able to edit it there.
That's the remaining piece.
We need to add.